{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red117\green117\blue117;\red60\green170\blue7;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww18500\viewh19140\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420

\f0\b\fs28 \cf2 Source : www.waguila.weebly.com\
\
What does the\'a0\cf3 Script\cf2 \'a0do ?
\b0 \
This script will allow you to create a startrail with some amazing effects, the first version contains the 5 effects found in {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://liketheocean.com/night-photography/stacking-up-the-stars-getting-creative/"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 liketheocean}} blog and two extra ones that I created myself and called them\'a0
\b Zero Opacity
\b0  and 
\b Full Opacity
\b0 .\
\
\

\b Whats is new in this \cf3 Script\cf2 \'a0?
\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl420\sa260
\ls1\ilvl0
\i \cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}The first new feature of this script is the fact you can select an unlimited number of files to stack together without killing your system
\f1 \
{\listtext	\'95	}The code is optimized to be fast (this is depends on your machine and the size of the files thu)\
{\listtext	\'95	}Allows you to select a folder where all you files are located, for now only JPG are supported, I will see how many people request other formats and they will be added in future version\
{\listtext	\'95	}Gives you the ability to select which Blend mode you wanna use and select the effect you wanna apply using a user friendly window\
{\listtext	\'95	}Loads the files in a stack (layer automatically) but uses an optimal way of doing it ... Basically the script loads the background layer (which is the first picture in your folder) and call it background, after that it will go through all the selected pictures one by one. for each picture the script will load it in photoshop, copy as a layer on top of the background layer, apply the Blend mode and the desired effect merge it with the background and open the next one and apply the same step done before and this is done until there is no file left not processed in the folder.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420

\f0\i0 \cf2 \

\b More details on the script:
\b0 \

\b BLEND_MODE :
\b0  As the name suggests this variable controls the Blend Mode between the multiple layers. The default value is LIGHTEN. I suggest to use LIGHTEN for best results. For some types of images SCREEN might also come in handy.\
\

\b CREATIVE_STYLE\'a0 :
\b0  This variable drives the pre-defined style.\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl420\sa260
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\i\b \cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}Comet Style \'a0:
\b0  This is the preferred effect of comet streak \'96 from light to dark. With 2 options the effect can be from either of the directions. Try both and decide which suits better for your composition.\
\ls2\ilvl0
\b {\listtext	\'95	}Saucer Style : 
\b0 I kind of liked this. It gives a strange metallic, yet smooth feel to the shot. The effect is similar to that of a flying saucer.\
\ls2\ilvl0
\b {\listtext	\'95	}Space Ship Style :
\b0  This is UFO or the space ship style. You can tweak the code further to enhance or reduce the effect, by controlling how much of gap is there between the wings\
\ls2\ilvl0
\b {\listtext	\'95	}Zero and Full opacity
\b0  : Same as Space ship but different effects on the wings and gives a look of a satellite\
{\listtext	\'95	}The first option does not apply any CREATIVE STYLE Effect. This is conjunction with BLEND_MODE can be used to just set the appropriate blend mode for you initial set of images. The larger you set, the more handy you would find this option as you play around with different effects\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420

\f0\i0\b \cf2 How do you install it?
\b0 \
There is several ways how to use the script :\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl420\sa200
\ls3\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	1.	}From photoshop ...\'a0
\b File \'96> Scripts \'96> Browse\'85 
\b0 then select the script file\'a0\
{\listtext	2.	}OR copy the script in the default script folder used by Photoshop and you will find\'a0
\b Waguila_StarTrail_Stacker_V1.2
\b0 \'a0\'a0in the menu.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420
\cf2 \
I spent long hours to optimize and make this script please let me know how it would work for you ... i am sure you will find bugs and error or even bad calculation or bad situation where this script won't work, feel free to modify it, share it with other people or send me your findings and your suggestion and I will try to include them in the next version.\
\
\
---news :\
Stack layer (5) before merging them to gain some time\
arrange the button in a horizontal plan\
}